---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

:microphone: Kevin Fleming
---
Before hearing from Fleming, I knew Bloomberg was a company that focuses on financial data. However, I did not know the extent to which their customers depend on Bloomberg tools to do their jobs. For example, the Bank of England had planned to sell government bonds but was unable to because Bloomberg was having issues. I found the "Card Sorting excercise" interesting as I had no knowledge in how companies perform product evaulations. For the "Card Sorting excercise", a test for menu structure, Bloomberg uses eye detection technology to figure out where people are looking at on the menus.

:mag_right: Investigating Wikipedia 
---
For wikipedia contributions, I've been focusing on adding pictures to Wikipedia articles and Wikimedia Commons. Looking through Wikipedia articles,  I've discovered that there's a lack of details to articles involving Ecuador. Thus, I've decided to go through these articles and add information (if I find reputable sources) and photos. As I mentioned in my previous blog, I went to Ecuador in 2018 and took photos of attractions from cities I've visited there. So, I put some of my images up on Wikimedia Commons and then added them to relevant articles. Now, I'm at a point where I don't have any photos that I can obviously use on articles so I'm left to scour through Wikimedia Commons to find pictures for articles. The issue with relying on Wikimedia Common for images is that you'll possibly go through hundred of pictures before you find one that satisfies you. There will be cases where you won't be satisfied as the picture could not exist or is of poor quality.

:beetle: They Might Never Tell You It’s Broken
---
The article brought up issues of maintainers/owner blindly believing their projects work due to the lack of people reporting bugs. In order to increase more reports on bugs, I believe it requires work on both the maintainer/owner and the contributor of the project. For the maintainer/owner, they must make sure their environment/community is as inclusive as they can make it so contributors won't feel uncomfortable reporting bugs. For the contributor, they must acknowledge that reporting bugs can't hurt but only help the project.

:pencil: Next on Next.js
---

- March 26, 2020 @ 1:00 a.m.

While were looking for a substantial contribution to make, we decided to look for documentation improvements we could make in the meantime. I went out looking for typos, grammar issues, and broken links to improve. After an hour of searching, I was able to find four documents I could improve by suggestion different word choice and making present tense corrections.

- March 26, 2020 @ 8:30 p.m.

Earlier Shania suggested start making pull requests for our documentation edits. I'm glad this was suggested as later we would find out that we need to have a discussion on workflow 😅.

- March 26, 2020 @ 9:00 p.m.

I made my first pull request to Next.js and celebrated prematurely.

- March 27, 2020 @ 10:40 a.m.

I woke up to a message from Shania saying that I had pushed my changes to "canary" (which is their master branch) instead of creating a separate branch. I immediately closed my pull request as what I what had done is a big no no. In order to get rid of the changes I made, Shania reforked our project onto the organization and I recloned it. This wouldn't be the last mistake made.

- March 28, 2020 @ 1:55 p.m.

Most of us were able to make pull request and have our contributions merged! :star:

- March 28, 2020 @ 6:00 p.m.

I attempted to make another pull request but failed due to workflow issues. We decided we would not make anymore pull requests until we met on Monday to discuss proper workflow techniques. We will most likely be writing a documentation for ourselves in how to properly make pull requests.

- March 29, 2020 @ 11:00 p.m.

I started looking through the Next.js handbook and was able to complete 40% of it. Reading the handbook has added to my vocabulary as I had not known what client side rendering and server side rendering meant.

OSS Contributions
---
I made contributions to Quito and Cuenca's Wikipedia article by adding pictures of famous museums that are mentioned.




