---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

:microphone: Gil Yehuda
---

- Open Source = Job

Yehuda mentioned that open source can get you a job. For example, let's say a company needs someone that is an expert in Kubernetes that company can simply go to Kubernetes's repo and select a contributor of their choice. 

- Open Source was anti-corporation

At the beginning of the open source movement, the idea was to free software from corporations. Now, it's implemented into corporate practice as it allows companies to save their resources.

- Imposter syndrome

Everyone has it, just some are better at hiding it than others. The way to conceal the ubiquitous conditon is to keep developing your skills. Then you too can hide it well!


:pill: Folding@Home's Covid19 Activity
---
This reminds me of a similar project that needed a picture of space analyzed, which requires a lot of computing power. They also relied on volunteered computer resource. It's amazing how one can contribute with a simple installation that can lead to groundbreaking results, especially with current issues such as COVID-19. I volunteered computing power in hopes that Folding@Home is able to find a druggable site within COVID-19 as they did with Ebola.

:scroll: Next on Next.js
---

- April 7, 2020 @ 3:30 p.m.

We discussed possibly contributing a Next.js and MongoD example to Next.js. From there, we decided it was best to see if the example would be appreciated by the community by posing an issue.

- April 8, 2020 @ 2:38 p.m.

I posted an [issue](https://github.com/zeit/next.js/issues/11756#issue-596777954), which asked if a MongoDB example would be a good idea. One of the maintainers responded with "Sure feel free to contribute an example".

- April 13, 2020 @ 8:00 p.m.

Watched and completed a [MongoDB and Next.js tutorial.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ahAilJEe-_A&t=32s)

- April 15, 2020 @ 2:30 p.m. 

We started developing a timeline for the completion of our MongoDB example, which is 2 weeks from this date. We agreed that more frequent meetings would be needed in order to make significant progress.


- April 17, 2020 @ 5:00 p.m.

Shania made our group a Trello, which allows us to organize our list of things to do among ourselves. Liulan started and pushed a README onto our with-mongodb branch, which acts as our master branch.

- April 19, 2020 @ 3:00 a.m.

I was working on my task, which is to create a MongoCB connection function but was having trouble creating a branch from with-mongodb branch. Even after following proper workflow, I was unsuccessful. Therefore, we decided to set up a zoom meeting with professor Weiss to get his input on our workflow.


OSS Contributions
---
I noticed that some articles on Ecuadorian cities have a section called "Points of Interest" or something similar, while others do not. I added a "Points of Interest section to Biblian's wikiepedia article. Also added "El Santuario de la Virgen del Rocío" to the list of interest. Futhermore, I provided an image of El Santuario de la Virgen del Rocío to the article. I also contributed to classmates's blogs by fixing gramatical errors and offering a rephrasal suggestion.
