---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

:microphone: Vicky Brasseur
---
After hearing Brasseur's talk, I read [Open Source is Not for You](https://gist.github.com/richhickey/1563cddea1002958f96e7ba9519972d9) with a new perspective. When Rich states,

>"You are not entitled to the attention of others. You are not entitled to having value attached to your complaints. You are not entitled to this explanation."

it made me think about the developer centrism Brasseur mentioned. Reading the article a second time, I feel as if Rich limits the types of users he gets to users that share his vision, thereby decreasing the usage of his FOSS project. Rich's belief that users are not "entitled" to an explanation is disheartening to read as receiving no feedback can be discouraging to users. As Brasseur mentioned, there's users that don't mean malice but are simply ignorant. Telling an ignorant user why they're in the wrong (or at least your view of why they are wrong) rather than chastising them, may make them valuable contributors to your project. I must mention that in the case that it's not ignorance then by all means "get rid of the assholes".

:newspaper: Next on Next.js
---
- April 20, 2020 @ 10:00 p.m.

I created the mongoDB connection function I was tasked to complete.

- April 21, 2020 @ 12:30 p.m.

Unfortunately, I was unable to attend my group meeting with professor Weiss due to unforeseeable circumstances. My group received guidance on our workflow.

- April 21, 2020 @ 2:00 p.m.

My group members were able to explain to me what I had missed in the meeting, and for that I'm very thankful :beers:. We decided on forking hunter/Next.js into our local account and creating pull requests to hunter/Next.js.

- April 24, 2020 @ 2:30 p.m.

Shania, ChiShing, and Liulan made signifcant progress by creating mutliple pull requests.

- April 24, 2020 @ 7:00 p.m.

I made my pull request to add the connection function file to our branch on hunter/next.js.

OSS Contributions
---
