---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

Musings on business models for open source software
---

In the case of Adobe customers, their experience can be explained from Callaway's quote:

>"Customers get wedged in a painful state where it is even more painful to abandon the software, trapped in a poor experience and growing to despise their vendors."

Adobe has failed their customers with their buggy products. Unfortunately, most creative professionals rely on Adobe products to do their jobs. These customers have to rely on Adobe to fix its own issues, which means they may or may not fix them and if they do it may take awhile.

Looking at how much Adobe customers [despise](https://community.adobe.com/t5/get-started/adobe-your-products-suck/td-p/8138834?page=1) Adobe, makes me see the beauty of open source. With an open source model, you have the power to change the source code. No longer will you have to wait on propietary software developers!

Election fraud: Is there an open source solution?
---
I wasn't aware that most of our voting systems were decades old. It's not wonder why they've had issues maintaining the integrity of ballots. Offering open source as a solution is a rather clever idea, as it offers people transperacy of the voting process.

Working in a company that only produced open source software
---

Next on Next.js
---

April 28, 2020 @2:30 p.m.
- Shania and I had a meeting to discuss dividing up tasks that involve rendering routes and creating page among ourselves.

April 29, 2020 @9:00 p.m.
- I started creating the homepage for our pet care app.

May 1, 2020 @8:00 a.m.
- Previously, there was a concern that the pet care app was far too complex to be an example. I looked into other database examples in Next.js, which seemed fairly complicated. So, it was decided that perhaps the complexity of our application is alright. If anything, the Next.js community will let us know the changes necessary for a merge.
